Dylan test is talking to you. Are you deaf? No, I'm not deaf actually, but you do owe me money for my dry cleaning now
Typical grow guy to quibble over some dry cleaning. But seriously, how did you even get in here?
You got a door?
Yeah, I walked and if you'd like me to show you again, I'm more than happy to
Stop acting all high and mighty. We all know what kind of low-life you really are
You don't belong here at the president's welcome banquet. You know
Caroline's parents came in last night. You're probably snuck in with them
Kurt said the whole family got invited. Oh
The whole family accepts you of course
Let me tell you something if I was not here this banquet would be worth that time
Seriously, what does this even have to do with you?
Listen for old time's sake. Why don't you just leave before we all knock you out of the room?
You
Again
We finally get to attend this fancy bag one and you have to show up and ruin every
I'm really if Caroline doesn't divorce you you're going to drag us all down
Kirk's not here and the losers like you should go leaves